Release core 1.0.3 (#8800)
googleapis/google-cloud-python: core/CHANGELOG.md

[1]: https://pypi.org/project/google-cloud-core/#history

## 1.0.3

07-26-2019 10:34 PDT

### Implementation Changes

> - Change build_api_url to an instance method. ([#8747](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8747))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make `Client.build_api_url` an instance method. ([#8747](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8747))
```

### Dependencies
- Bump minimum version for google-api-core to 1.14.0. ([#8709](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8709))

### Documentation
- Linkify the PR in the change log. ([#8790](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8790))
- Link to googleapis.dev documentation in READMEs. ([#8705](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8705))
- Add compatibility check badges to READMEs. ([#8288](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8288))

> - Fixes [#8545](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8545) by removing typing information for kwargs to not conflict with type checkers ([#8546](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8546))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removing typing information for `**kwargs` in order to not conflict with type checkers. ([#8546](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-python/pull/8546))
```
